content/nl/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable
  matter.
education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Stanford University
    year: 2012
  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2009
  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2008
email: ""
highlight_name: false
interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Computational Linguistics
- Information Retrieval
organizations:
- name: 
  url: ''
role: Website onderhoud
social:
# - icon: envelope
#   icon_pack: fas
#   link: mailto:test@example.org
# - icon: twitter
#   icon_pack: fab
#   link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
# - icon: google-scholar
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- display:
    header: true
  icon: facebook-square
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.facebook.com/polskaszkolanijmegen/
superuser: true
title: Maikel Verouden
user_groups:
- Webmaster
---

Nelson Bighetti is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. His research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. He leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

<!--{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "media/demo_resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}.-->

Commit message:

updated photos, and webmaster info

content/nl/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
authors:
- Webmaster
bio: ''
education:
  courses:
  - course: Ph.D. in Biosystems Data Analysis
    institution: University of Amsterdam
    year: 2012
  - course: M.Sc. in Chemistry | Process Analysis & Chemometrics
    institution: University of Amsterdam
    year: 2005
  - course: B.Sc. in (Environmental) Analytical Chemistry
    institution: Hogeschool van Arnhem en Nijmegen
    year: 1998
email: ""
highlight_name: false
interests:
- Statistics
- Software Development
- Programming
- Teaching
organizations:
- name: 
  url: ''
role: Website onderhoud
social:
# - icon: envelope
#   icon_pack: fas
#   link: mailto:test@example.org
# - icon: twitter
#   icon_pack: fab
#   link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
# - icon: google-scholar
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- display:
    header: true
  icon: facebook-square
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://www.facebook.com/polskaszkolanijmegen/
superuser: true
title: Maikel Verouden
user_groups:
- Webmaster
---

Maikel Verouden is working at Biometris of Wageningen University & Research. With Biometris being the merger of the Mathematical and Statistical Methods group (Wageningen University) and the Business Unit Biometris for contract research (Wageningen Research). His research interests include Statistics in general, Statistical Genetics in Plant Breeding, Statistical Software development, mobile & cloud computing, programmable matter and teaching beforementioned topics. Being employed at both sides of Biometris he works 24h/week at Wageningen Research as a researcher, and 14h/week at Wageningen University as a lecturer.

As lecturer he is involved in the following courses:

  - Statistics 1 [(MAT-15303)](https://ssc.wur.nl/Handbook/Course/MAT-15303)
  - Statistics 2 [(MAT-15403)](https://ssc.wur.nl/Handbook/Course/MAT-15403)
  - R for Statistics [(MAT-50303)](https://ssc.wur.nl/Handbook/Course/MAT-50303) (also as Course Coordinator)

<!--{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} Download my {{< staticref "media/demo_resume.pdf" "newtab" >}}resumé{{< /staticref >}}.-->
